all beaver people and you know came out new
little teaser for future events from
scott on his page in baby
there was a picture of a hat all as usual
but the name of the picture says something
great
Coming and I am very interested in what is there
such a big game could be
pancake would be cool but still
I doubt Scott will release her like that.
soon as you think though it is possible if
will release the game then this though wait a minute
it was the same trailer boom means most likely
one of the options that will come soon
trailer for five nights at freddy's 4 and
create a page in steven but this too
maybe but i'm guessing that
business will not be something so big
because if you believe the release date on
site, it will come out very soon
somehow early to create a trailer so
maybe another teaser comes out and here on
this teaser will be something really important and
You can show that animatronics which
hiding in the dark or on show
Freddie himself I am a hat and a bow
lying on the ground that is that freddie
Phaseber which was family deiner or
actually this hat belongs
the pink guy who was in
the first family pizzeria is a mystery and maybe
he was there for the workers and maybe exactly
he wore this bow tie which has obviously
purple color and also essay logo
light it also takes on the color of the killer
did you agree to the appearance of the pink guy
on a teaser
will be a big enough event to
call it
big event or there like me
supposed to be springtrap which
finally come out of the shadows and create
something quite powerful is also possible
fits a big event and so
Summing up the first version of the exit game
unlikely the second option trailer
more likely already the third option is that
is this some kind of freddie and is it your own timer
or is it a springtrap or is it
some kind of animatronic else who was standing in
darkness can mango can not matra
how can something like this be thought
or is it a pink or purple guy
himself
write in the comments guys like you
think what the big event is
and on this all dear friends I hope you
good bye good bye good luck